what's up guys is eat with my warrior
halo 3 pro player here to give you some
tips on halo 3 brought to you by old
spice we're going to be going through
some of my gameplay from the MLG pro
circuit so let's check it out when we
normally have two people rush up blue
entrance and one guy get two guys go to
camo this is pretty much a beginning
setup of any team t squared is pushing
for camo but dies so I'm able to pick it
up at 45 46 ish which means it's going
to spawn at 12 45 1246 we had control
some time but just lost it as I was
pushing for the ball so right now I'm
going to wait see how many are live in
dead of carbon and where I can take the
ball I try to grab the ball and run it
to green but I accidentally pick up
sniper in it and I'm finished off before
I can get there luckily my teammates are
still able to finish them people off to
keep carbon from grabbing the ball
either now it looks like we're all it's
time tower so we're going to want to
spread out as quickly as we can carbon
grabs the ball before you can finish him
off and rotates it to blue looks like
he's in shanties right now instead of
blindly rushing him especially since I
have sniper I'm going to drop down
bottom yellow to make sure I don't get
killed by any of his teammates that
might be baiting him and sure enough
ghost and another player are waiting for
ice to rush the ball guy I switch to my
BR to hopefully finish off goes he's
weak but I didn't notice I didn't have
any ammo in it and I could pretty much
just double teamed with nothing I can do
right now it's 3v3 we're always looking
at our desk screens to see how many are
alive and dead on each team so we can
try to coordinate what we do so now we
know native is dead and teachers going
to be fighting ball guy we're going to
try to finish them off grab fault we can
fortunately carbon knows what they're
doing and plays the ball we were trying
to make a quick push for it we're legit
dies but I'm able to grab ball and
rotated too psyched our so right now we
don't have any of our teammates in green
so we're going to be watching that to
make sure or to see if they spawn there
sure enough they do and it looks like
they're coming up elbow I'm going to try
to throw some nades it's one of my
favorite spots is staying with the ball
and made because you can do exactly what
I did right there and hit goes I'm even
though I'm being rushed by Carlos I'm
not gonna play the ball yet I turned my
back to him so hopefully couldn't get a
head shot on me but even though he gets
a beat-down I don't want to play the
ball because my teammates can just pick
it up now and get some significant time
with it right now looks like carbon is
pushing camera we want to make sure they
do not get it seif Down Goes to burn the
camo but it looks like shockwave picks
it up but I'm able to kill him right
away so it doesn't matter carbons
pushing top Center which is you know one
of the best things you can do going low
doesn't work out very often I'm able to
pick up a double kill and then escape I
was shaving back and forth right there
so whoever shooting in the back has to
move their shots they can't just shoot
you in one spot now hopefully they'll
miss a shot or two when you really but
you'll be able to get away you should
play the ball whenever your team is
losing control and it looks like the
yellow team might be able to kill a ball
guide and pick up some amount of time
that way if you do lose control they're
not going to have the ball it's going to
be top center again and you can try to
stop them from getting it but if you
don't lose control you can hopefully
grab the ball and bring it right back to
where it was before
right now it's still anyone's game and
in fact all four of us are down so
pretty much obvious that carbons going
to grab the ball and take it to green
right now we don't want to make a push
by ourselves because in essence we won't
we won't be doing anything will die and
then our teammates will spawn and then
it'll be two on four still we want to
wait till all four of us are alive in
the makeup like a solid you know uniform
push together as soon as legit goes i'm
going to start pushing out i'm able to
weaken shockwave and also get a melee
off on dated so it's at least two
players on carbon that are no shields
slide down is able to finish off one of
them so now it's back to two on two so
now we know one guy's holding ball in
the last guy stopped camo so this is a
good opportunity for us to make a rush
I'm able to finish off shockwave and go
see AMI for a double kill so now I'm
gonna go right football guy fortunately
my native misses him and he starts to
play the ball I go for the melee so
hopefully I can hit him and kill him and
then also grab all right away but I
don't get my melee off and he's able to
play I get a nice may lay off on nated
and I'll jump top center and finish off
shockwave thanks for watching everyone
this has been a delight warrior make
sure to check out more get better fast
content on MLG pro com brought to you by
old spice